README.md, before:

# VueCourse
Course on Vue (zero to mastery academy)

-> Complete Vue Developer in 2021 (w/ Vuex, Composition API, Router, etc)

With this course documentation, i will collect and track personal growth on my learning trajectory in vueJS and NuxtJS (in a later phase)

Introduction
Vue Fundamentals
Project 1: Perspective Playground
Vue: Beyond the Fundamentals
Vue Developer Environment
Advanced Vue Components
Transitions & Animations
Project 2: Vue Quiz App
Master Project: Introduction to Vuex
Master Project: Form Validation
Master Project: Authentication
Master Project: Routing
Master Project: Uploading Files
Master Project: Playing Music
Master Project: Directives
Master Project: Internationalization
Master Project: PWA (Progressive Web App)
Master Project: Performance Optimizations
Master Project: Deployment + Production
Master Project: Testing Your Vue App
Composition API
Component Design Patterns
Where To Go From Here?
Appendix: Extra Bits



1. Fundamentals
- installation

Documentation: https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/installation.html

2. Vue Fundamentals
- gettings started

2.1 Load Vue
2.2 Create a new instance of Vue

Commit message:

adding cdn information on readme file

README.md, after:

# VueCourse
Course on Vue (zero to mastery academy)

-> Complete Vue Developer in 2021 (w/ Vuex, Composition API, Router, etc)

With this course documentation, i will collect and track personal growth on my learning trajectory in vueJS and NuxtJS (in a later phase)

Introduction
Vue Fundamentals
Project 1: Perspective Playground
Vue: Beyond the Fundamentals
Vue Developer Environment
Advanced Vue Components
Transitions & Animations
Project 2: Vue Quiz App
Master Project: Introduction to Vuex
Master Project: Form Validation
Master Project: Authentication
Master Project: Routing
Master Project: Uploading Files
Master Project: Playing Music
Master Project: Directives
Master Project: Internationalization
Master Project: PWA (Progressive Web App)
Master Project: Performance Optimizations
Master Project: Deployment + Production
Master Project: Testing Your Vue App
Composition API
Component Design Patterns
Where To Go From Here?
Appendix: Extra Bits



1. Fundamentals
- installation

Documentation: https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/installation.html

Pay attantion: 
When working with a cdn (in this case in vueJS), be aware that it's loaded in the index file before the app.js script file. 

2. Vue Fundamentals
- gettings started

2.1 Load Vue
2.2 Create a new instance of Vue
